[Emporio] This place is...
This place is Green Dolphin
Street State Prison!
And I'm... in the hallway
in front of the visiting room!
[whimpers]
[Jolyne]
What the hell do you want?
I didn't want to see your face.
You think you can just come
waltzing back into my life?
Don't show up
acting all fatherly now!
-[Jotaro] I want to help you.
-[shudders]
I'm gonna get you
out of here soon.
[Jolyne] Oh, shut up!
[gasps]
You know damn well
you can't pull that off.
Two years for
a hit-and-run is nothing.
I can handle it fine
by myself.
Just relax.
For the
longest time, I've wanted to...
Keep that shit to yourself!
The last thing I need is
is for you
to try acting
like a real father!
Go away!
[sighs]
[Emporio] What the...?
Who are these two?
Th-These people look
so similar to the others,
but they're not.
Get lost already! I don't
get along with you, remember?
[sighs nervously]
[Emporio] What is going on?
We were just in Cape Canaveral
a minute ago.
And also, for that matter...
Just when the heck
is it right now?
[Father Pucchi]
It is November 30th...
[gasps]
-...in the year 2011.
-Huh?
[door buzzes, clangs]
[somber music]
[Emporio] Pu...
Pucchi!
[somber music continues]
Who the hell are you?
During visitation,
not even a priest can...
-[groans in pain]
-[Jolyne gasps]
[clattering]
Did you say 2011?
Does that mean
we went back in time?
-No, actually.
-[gasps]
We have traveled
far beyond that point.
With accelerated time,
we have reached a place
humanity always winds up,
the end of the universe!
[shudders]
As in life,
the ending of something
initiates a new beginning.
And that is what we call fate.
Even in the universe
after this,
our planet will be recreated
and life on Earth
will follow the same path
that it was destined to.
And when humanity
comes into existence,
it'll be the beginning
of a new dawn.
This is the promised age
of happiness
brought forth by Maiden Heaven.
Bear witness to the new world!
W-What is he even saying?
[Father Pucchi]
In this new world,
the Jolyne Cujoh you knew
exists no longer.
Neither do Jotaro,
Anastasia, nor Ermes.
Not even their souls
survived total annihilation.
[gasps]
And that is because
the dead cannot return.
All of those who perished
in the accelerated time
have been erased forever.
I left everyone who ever dared
to interfere with my destiny
back in the other world.
All of them
except for you, Emporio!
You were never supposed
to exist in this new reality!
So now I'm left with no other
choice but to eliminate you!
[screams]
[theme music]
[yelps]
[screams]
[automated voice]
Code 909. Security Level 4.
Emergency alarm
in visiting room, inner door.
-Code 909. Security Level 4.
-[whimpers]
Emergency alarm...
What's going on?
Don't know, but now's
our chance. Let's bounce.
[gasps]
Jolyne broke out of prison
last time too.
And now,
it's the same but different!
That's fate at work.
This new universe
has reached this point in time
after repeating
the same history
as the previous universe,
and it shall be
the same here on.
Because that is fate,
and fate is brought on by
certainty, not by coincidence.
[Father Pucchi]
For instance, your next move
will be to escape
and try to hide in your room.
[gasps]
The very same room
you used to hide in
in the previous universe.
Your secret room,
as it was called.
[whimpers]
The fact that you're going
to retreat here
had already been decided.
[whines]
[screams]
[grunts]
It's no use.
I'll have to find somewhere
other than my room to hide!
[guard 1] How on earth
did the prisoners
wind up in the common area?
The hell if I know.
Just move your ass!
Those guards are from before.
They're gonna fall.
[muffled gasp]
[guard 1] What's wrong?
-[guard 2] We're gonna fall.
-Huh?
Huh?
[guard 1] If we keep going
at this pace,
we're gonna end up
having a nasty fall.
Huh? What the hell
are you talking about?
Uh... Well, uh...
It just kinda came to me.
I'm not sure why, but it feels
like we're gonna fall somehow.
Don't tell me you're afraid.
Now get moving!
You want a pay cut?
-[guard 2] No, sir!
-[Emporio] How come...?
For some reason, I know too.
Both of those guards
are going to...
[door buzzes]
[gasps]
Father, hi.
-Can I help you?
-Move it!
[guards groan]
[shudders]
There is not a soul in
this world
who can escape their fate.
You most certainly will
be going to that room.
[shudders]
[screams]
[yelps]
[whimpers]
[pants]
[Emporio] What is this? What
the heck is going on right now?
[Father Pucchi] We have
traveled far beyond that point.
With accelerated time,
we have reached a place
humanity always winds up.
The ultimate end
of the universe.
[Emporio]
The end of the universe?
I remember reading
about that somewhere,
in a book on the beginning
and end of all things.
[pensive music]
Since the dawn of creation, the
universe continues to expand.
But at one point,
it starts to contract,
almost as if you're tightly
squeezing a sponge ball.
When it can no longer contract,
the universe reaches
its singularity point.
But there is a theory that the
Big Bang will repeat itself,
and a new universe will be
created to replace the old one.
Does this mean that we traveled
here from the previous world?
We made it all the way
to the new 2011,
and at a tremendous speed,
we journeyed through time
as the Earth progressed and
evolved at the same rapid pace.
But not everyone
made the journey with us.
[Father Pucchi] That is because
the dead cannot return.
All of those who perished
in the accelerated time
have been erased forever.
[Emporio sobs]
[Emporio] They're not here.
Jolyne and everyone else...
They're gone.
[door buzzes]
[suspenseful music]
[screams]
[Emporio]
I'm all alone... Again.
The fortunate souls
who were able
to transcend time
have been blessed.
[screaming]
[Father Pucchi] Those members
of the human race who survived
have experienced the future
and arrived at this new world.
The one truth of
this universe is
that fate will always
take its course.
-[Emporio panting]
-And in turn,
destiny will repeat itself.
When one human being meets
another, it is due to gravity.
They come together because
it was fated to be that way!
For example, what events will
unfold five years from now?
[Emporio wails]
Thanks to their travels
through the accelerated time,
humanity has already
experienced it.
They already know when
they'll get into an accident,
when they'll succumb
to an illness.
And even when their life
will come to an end!
When will they meet
and part with another,
who will they
fall in love with,
and who will they hate
with a burning passion?
How many children
will one bear,
and what kind of people
will those children become?
When will war be declared,
and when will the world
undergo a change?
They experienced it as though
they're watching a movie.
So, too, will their children,
and even the generation
that comes after.
Back in Cape Canaveral
is where it all began.
All of those who lived
through accelerated time
are aware of everything
that shall happen
not because they saw it
and memorized it,
but because it has been
engraved into their minds!
[gasps]
And that is how this world
will know true happiness,
because they can be resolute
to face their future!
The ones who find this resolve
shall be truly happy!
You may think to yourself,
"Why would I want
to know this?
Would it not just
bring me despair?"
But you're wrong.
[panting]
Even if you knew that tomorrow
was your last day,
being prepared allows you
to go in peace!
Because one's resolution will
eradicate all of that despair.
Humanity will be changed.
This is what we strove for.
Dio and I fought tirelessly
to attain heaven,
and now we're finally here!
Maiden Heaven is the future.
[Emporio yelps]
[screams]
[panting]
My gun! Where is it?
[gasps] Oh, yeah.
I dropped it in the ocean!
[exclaims, screams]
[Emporio pants] If I make
a right at the corner,
I'll come to a set of stairs
and that's where
my ghost room should be.
But Pucchi already knows
all about that room.
I need to go the other way.
Turn left. If I go this way,
I can hide somewhere else!
[yelps]
-[grunts]
-[thuds]
[menacing music]
[groans, exclaims]
[screaming]
Even if the smallest of details
might go astray,
defeating fate
is simply impossible.
[Emporio shudders]
Your only option now
is running away
into your crack in the wall.
[shudders]
[whimpering]
[Father Pucchi] If I let you
get away from me here,
and I end up
losing track of you,
then you will most likely
try to defeat me later on!
That is the future
that is destined to happen.
So unfortunately for you,
I cannot let you live.
Even without the help of Jolyne
and the others,
it is your fate
to break free from this prison,
as it is still my destiny
to lose sight of you
in Cape Canaveral.
The reason I chose
to bring us here
is because it's before I
sped up time in Cape Canaveral.
Here I knew I could find
exactly where you were hiding.
The only chance I have
to eliminate you for good
is right here and now!
That's why I elected
to stop the passing of time
at the moment
you were most vulnerable.
Now, prepare yourself to die.
Only by accepting your death
can you be happy, Emporio.
[screams]
[upbeat tense music]
You're our only hope!
[Emporio sighs, grunts]
I do this now
for the sake of all humanity!
[shrieks]
[Father Pucchi] Die, Emporio!
[grunts in surprise]
[gasps]
[thrilling music]
You said fate is predetermined
and can't be changed.
If that's true,
then I'll just have to make you
change it for me.
When we were entering
through the crack in the wall,
your arm pushed this
into my head.
[gasps]
In the final moments
before Weather Forecast died,
he turned his Stand ability
into a disc
before you landed
the final blow.
And it's the same disc
that Jolyne decided
to entrust to me.
So I've been holding on to it
for the both of them!
[Father Pucchi growling]
In the name of God,
I will destroy you!
Your actions here today,
Emporio...
All they have accomplished
is solidifying the fact
that your screams will become
the trumpets of hell!
Even if you insert
someone else's disc
into that mindless head
of yours,
Weather's ability is what it is
because of his own talent!
Do not arrogantly assume that
you can just wield that
kind of power so easily!
And besides,
to stop you,
I've accelerated time
once more!
In front of my honorable
ambitions, Emporio,
you shall come to realize
your own insignificance
as you wither and fade away!
-[skin cracks]
-[Father Pucchi groans]
[groans in pain]
[grunts]
[whimpers]
[gasps]
[grunts]
[grumbles]
[groans]
[strains]
What is going on here?
I can't...stand!
Something is wrong.
What is this madness?
[Stone Ocean whirring]
[Father Pucchi]
It's Weather Forecast!
One day, I read in a book...
that the deadliest poison
within proximity
of any organism
is the air they breathe.
Every organism on this planet
needs oxygen to survive.
But the concentration level
of oxygen
can't be above 40 percent.
One hundred percent pure oxygen
is extremely toxic,
and any life form exposed to it
will perish.
-Highly concentrated levels
of oxygen...
can corrode iron
in a matter of seconds
and even make fire explode.
It can also absorb electrons
in the human body,
slowly destroying the cell
tissues one after another.
[Emporio] If you breathe
too much of it,
your hands and feet
will start to go numb,
and you won't be able to stand.
Plus, the tiny veins in
your eyes will snap,
and you'll go blind.
You can go ahead and
accelerate time all you want.
Weather Forecast is a Stand
that can control the weather.
I already used it to accumulate
a massive amount
of pure oxygen into this room.
And now, you'll slowly
lose consciousness
as a hundred percent
oxygen seeps
deeper and deeper
into your tissues.
No, I refuse to let
a brat like you beat me!
I'm not the one
in control here.
This is Weather Forecast's
hidden ability.
You're the one
who stole Weather's memory,
and the one
who awakened him again
when you regained his power
to project killer snails.
Father Pucchi,
-it was all because of you!
-[strains]
Gravity still affects you too.
You are unable
to defeat your destiny!
[grunting]
-[squelches]
-[screams]
No, you have to end this,
Emporio!
You can still stop Weather!
-Do not let him do this...
-[cracks]
After I finally obtained
the ability
I've worked so hard for,
God wished it to be so!
It was an ability that God
chose for me to possess!
[Father Pucchi groans]
A new history of humanity
will be born,
and the future of mankind
will be saved!
We haven't even reached
the point in time yet,
where time acceleration started
in Cape Canaveral.
Maiden Heaven
has yet to be completed.
As long as it's after
Cape Canaveral,
I will gladly sacrifice
my life.
But if I die now,
it will mean that
everything I've done thus far
would have been
utterly meaningless!
The fate of all of humanity
will be changed forever!
If I die,
people won't be able
to see their future
as it happens before them,
which means they won't
be able to face their fate!
Don't you remember?
Accepting their fate
is how they'll be truly happy!
It was my mission
to bring about true happiness.
I cannot die here!
Don't you understand?
Fate won,
and you are the loser!
You insignificant little...
I didn't do this alone.
Jolyne knew I'd make it here,
and this is what
she would've wanted me to do.
Weather, too.
And F.F.,
Ermes,
Anastasia,
and even Mr. Jotaro.
We had no idea what
the future held,
but we all had resolutions.
The one who couldn't accept
their own fate was you, Pucchi!
Your fate is walking
down the path of justice.
You're done for!
No, I'm not!
You're the one who doesn't
understand anything!
-[blood sloshes]
-[Father Pucchi chokes]
Go to hell,
you insignificant little brat!
[screaming]
[screaming continues]
[action music]
[somber choral music]
[wind swishing]
[Emporio sobs]
[somber music builds]
[bus engine rumbles]
[pants]
-The bus...
-[bus door opens]
[gasps]
[Ermes] Ooh, give me a break.
I already told you,
I've got this 50 on me.
Why don't you carry change
on the bus, anyway?
Are you for real?
You gotta talk down to
-a paying customer like that?
-All right, is that...
[Ermes] Fine, fine.
Just hold up a sec, would ya?
Imma go break this 50
at the gas station real quick.
[bus door opens]
[Ermes] Oh! Hey kid,
you gettin' on this bus?
Talk about perfect timing.
-You got any change?
-[gasps]
[Ermes]
I need to break this 50.
Yeah? Is that good with you?
It ain't a counterfeit.
Trust me.
-[bus door closes]
-[Ermes] Huh? What the...?!
Don't leave me, dumbass!
No, don't throw my bag
like that. Hey!
Come on!
The bus went and drove off
because your response time
was so frickin' slow!
Ugh. I gotta wait
two hours for the next one.
-What the hell, man?
-[gasps]
Are you even listening to me?
Dammit.
Yeah, well. Whatever.
That cheap prick probably
thought I was a fugitive
from Green Dolphin
or something.
You... You are...
Huh?
-[Anastasia] Hey.
-Huh?
My car completely
ran out of gas.
If you hook us up with some gas
and food with that 50,
I'll let you catch a ride
to wherever you want to go.
Same goes for you, kid.
Is that how you save on
travel expenses or something?
-My sister used to always
-[thunder rumbling]
tell me to never get in a car
with some random stranger.
[tranquil music]
[thunder roars]
Huh.
There's a storm on the way.
Too bad.
Have fun getting drenched
while you wait for
the next bus to come,
but I don't think
it's letting up any time soon.
["Distant Dreamer"
by Duffy playing]
Hop on in, kiddo.
It's okay,
we're not bad people.
[gasps]
Call me Irene.
And this guy here is Anakiss.
Where's your mom
and dad at, bud?
We were actually just
on our way
to visit my old man right now.
[gasping]
You see,
he's my boyfriend.
[door creaks]
I don't know
how things will turn out,
but if Dad approves
of us being together,
then maybe
we'll even get married.
Shit, man.
Is there really a storm
heading this way?
I'll ride along, but ten bucks
is all you're gettin' from me.
And I'm gonna have
you guys make a stop
at Cape Canaveral too, okay?
Come on, get in here.
We could really use your help.
Yeah, me too. To be honest.
You doin' okay there,
little boy?
Can you tell me your name?
[shudders]
Come on, I said to get in.
[sobbing]
And I don't expect you
to pay us either.
-[breathing shakily]
-You're shaking like a tree.
Are you cold?
Here.
[sobs]
It's Emporio.
Emporio.
That's what you can call me.
[sobbing continues]
Since you wanted to know,
my name is Emporio.
[wails]
[wailing echoes]
[car zooms, splashes]
[Irene] Hey, look.
There's a hitchhiker.
[Anakiss] I'm not picking up
another straggler.
Two is more than enough.
[Irene] You're the one that
said there's a storm coming.
Come on.
Stop the car for the poor guy.
[mellow music]
["Roundabout" by Yes playing]